hey what's up guys explanation pros here
today i'll explain a comedy fantasy film
titled hanson and the beast
spoilers incoming
the film begins with a naked man being
chased through the city by an unknown
creature
desperately trying to escape the beast
the man eventually falls from the
building
a narration starts stating that having
relationships with mythical creatures
known as yao jing is out of the question
the narrator continues that this all
changed when his dad went on a blind
date
the film goes back to 36 hours ago a
woman checking ewon hansen's credentials
the woman has never heard of some of the
films listed on hands-on's credentials
and hanson explains that it is fairly
recent and has been hit by financial
problems hanson also requests that they
don't get intimate after the wedding the
woman gets furious criticizing all his
achievements as nothing notable hansen
proceeds to stand and walk away but he
gets stopped by the woman who tells him
that she will give him the money he
wants if he gives good service to her
sister
hansa angrily shouts at her for thinking
he's a call boy and she retaliates by
throwing a spoon at him
hansen then takes a kick and decides to
take it with him
on his way to the zoo where he works
hansen is being observed by a lady from
afar after working hanson prepares once
again for another blind date while
preparing hansen's father video calls
him on the phone but his father is
restrained revealing that his father is
detained inside a mental hospital
in a cafe hansen is taking a picture of
a cat when a girl comes into view
the girl is the lady that is observing
hansen earlier the lady introduces
herself as bi telling hansen that it has
been a long time since they saw each
other
bai tells him that she's a fox but
hansen is not paying any attention
because he sees a group of men at the
door prompting him to escape the
bathroom
there the group surrounds him with the
boss of the group inside one of the
bathroom stalls
they then take hansen off
the group who are actually loan sharks
takes hansen to a secluded area the boss
tells hansen that he keeps running away
instead of paying the debts he used to
make films
after demonstrating what could happen to
him and reminding him of his remaining
debt
the loan shark spares hansen
that night bai approaches hanson hansen
then asks her if she's from the same
group who wants him to pay
but bai replies that she really is a fox
outside two loan sharks are stationed
there to keep watch of hansen should he
escape again
inside bay tells hanson that he got a
scar in his chest for protecting her
when they were young hansen wants her
out but bai wants to prove that she's
really a fox she attempts at first but
then she tells hanson that she needs to
get excited first so she wants some
alcohol
hansen gives her a bottle which she
entirely jugs immediately
she requests another after telling him
it's not strong enough after drinking
the second bottle bai reveals her true
form a giant arctic fox she then
attempts to touch hanson but she rips
hansen's clothes instead and give him a
scar on the thighs because she is drunk
hansen then runs for his life
at this point we are back to the
beginning of the film because of this
the bureau of transfiguration gets an
alert and they want to arrest her for
illegally transforming
after falling from the roof the bureau
saves hansen who then takes a selfie
with him they then wipe the witness's
memory of what they have seen by using
insects bi prevents one insect from
touching hansen telling the bureau that
she wants to marry hansen the captain
tells bai that she can get killed for
doing that but bi drunkenly insists on
it she then drunkenly requests them to
heal hanson's wound
afterwards she passes out vomiting on
the captain's head the man then tells
the others who would draw and leave
hanson behind in the streets
the following day hansen wakes up
surrounded by many girls he quickly runs
away from the scene because he has no
clothes other than his boxers hansen has
to settle with a white gown when he gets
back to the zoo he gets surrounded by
the loan sharks again however because
their memory got wiped off the group's
boss repeats his monologue from
yesterday and hansen immediately notices
it he then tells the loan sharks that he
must be getting insane by then bai
arrives to talk to hansen asking him if
he remembers her and hansen does making
bai happy the group that confronts
hansen but bae attacks one of them she
also partly transforms into a fox making
all of them run
bye catches hansen in an insect that is
about to bite him by then tells hansen
that he could refrain from attracting
the viewer of transfiguration explaining
that they supervise those who transform
in the human world bai tells him that
she wants to marry him for saving her
life back then and hansen responds by
saying that it is an accident only
because he's the son of the owner of the
zoo
she then tells hanson that she can do
anything for him and hansen has the
bright idea of throwing a stick to
escape but bai is quick to fetch it back
hanson then throws a rock and bai
retrieves it giving hansen a chance to
escape meanwhile the bureau gets visited
by the commissioner the commissioner
reminds the captain that the arctic fox
is a rare beat in the yao jing world and
must not be polluted by humans the
captain assures him that he will arrest
bai
meanwhile hansen is dating to marry a
rich woman again however bai immediately
walks into the discussion getting angry
at hansen for tricking her and dating
again hanson gets mad because he is
doing this for his father and to pay his
debt
buy then leaves without saying a word
while walking in a dark alley hanson
meets the commissioner who introduces
himself as a professor the commissioner
explains how the yao jing was formed he
explains that the meteorite that caused
the extinction of the dinosaurs is
actually an alien ship full of alien
genetics which then blended with the
creatures of the earth thus forming the
yao jing with the reward of money the
commissioner asks hansen for help in
capturing bai
afterwards hanson goes to a carnival
where he encounters bai cleaning all the
trash by then gives him a small amount
of money that she gained from working so
that hansen would not marry anyone else
hansen attempts to capture bai but he
does not continue it instead he talks
about about how he ended up with his
current situation
after telling by that a fan is someone
who adores you bai tells hansen that she
is his fan
hansen feels happy somehow for having a
fan but bae is nowhere to be seen when
he turns around
bye then goes to a nightclub upon seeing
the huge amount of money as a reward for
singing bai participates immediately
singing for the man on the other hand
hansen follows by to the building
searching for buy throughout the rooms
meanwhile the commissioner walks in on
the building with his goons
just as the man is about to touch by's
legs hansen prevents the whole thing
taking by out of the building the
commissioner and his goons search for
buy but she is nowhere to be found
hanson admonishes bai for selling her
body he then threatens by that he will
inject what the professor gave him if
she ever returns there by then tells him
that the professor is actually the
commissioner of the bureau
she then tells hanson that she will
repay his life-saving kindness by doing
anything she can for him inviting hanson
to inject her so that his debt will be
repaid but instead of injecting it
hansen instead kisses by
back in the zoo bai cuts hers and
hanson's palms she then recites the
wedding vows making them married she
then tells hansa not to have any fans
other than her after telling by that he
will be gentle hansen gets pushed to the
bed
they then make love
the commissioner talks to the man's
assistant at the nightclub revealing
that she is actually a yao jing the
commissioner then instructs her to tell
the yao jing has coerced her to serve as
humans and the woman tells the
commissioner that it would lead to a
conflict between humans and yao zhing
she then attempts to kill the
commissioner but she gets killed instead
with the commissioner framing it as if
the man has killed the assistant
meanwhile at the zoo bai talks to
hansen's father
afterwards agents from the bureau
arrives at the zoo to arrest bai but
hanson tells them that he is now married
to buy
just then the commissioner enters the
scene to berate bai for corrupting her
pure ryan blood
the captain also arrives asking the
commissioner if he could be the one to
arrest bai the captain is actually by
his childhood friend he gives by a
sermon but this is just an act after
fake pushing the captain bai enhance an
escape while the captain and the other
agents hold them off a fight ensues with
the captain being turned to his true
form while bi fights the agents however
this is stopped when the commissioner
threatens to kill hanson just then the
loan shark arrives at the scene they
think that it's just a cosplay event but
upon noticing that it's real the boss
decides to threaten them with what they
threatened hansen earlier however the
commissioner is not amused
after getting shot by a gun bye returns
to her natural form taking hansen to
escape after briefly escaping them bysel
gets injected by a trailing projectile
from the bureau after bye gets
suppressed hanson carries by a car
arrives with by's actress friend inside
of it she then lets the lovers inside
her car inside the car bai gets healed
they then head to a set where they are
shooting a movie bai's friend gives them
disguises to blend in with the cast the
commissioner is also there with the
disguise however the scene gets repeated
a few times because bai's friend keeps
saying the wrong lines after the
director gets frustrated he tells the
set to film the action scene first bai
lets hansen escape first just as hansen
is about to exit he hears his father
calling him the commissioner then
appears threatening to hurt hansen's
father the commissioner tells hansen
that his offer still stands bai sees
this and she injects the poison to
herself instead to save hansen's father
hanson cries for by
three months later hansen is now living
in a condominium however he feels
depressed that bi is gone he tells his
father that he has been searching for
bai everywhere telling him that he will
risk everything to see her again his
father then plays a video call that he
had with bai because of this hansen
returned to the zoo however the captain
is there angrily beating up hanson for
what he has done to her after fighting
the captain tells hanson that rescuing
bai is impossible the captain then tells
hanson the news showing that the
relationship between humans and yao jing
has gone sour the captain has a bright
idea and that is to transform hansen
knowing that hansen is an actor
they then go to a store to get hands in
the disguise his face becomes that of a
commissioner afterwards hanson and the
captain proceed to the prison via bridge
they then arrived there with hansen
acting over the top slapping even the
commissioner's brother-in-law the warden
the captain acting as hanson's assistant
tells the brother-in-law that he slapped
him because of love the brother-in-law
then arranges for by's release escorting
them to buy his cell inside the cell
hanson sees by's dismal state attacking
hanson because she is feral outside the
cell the captain distracts the warden in
the guards despite getting attacked
hansen tries to talk to bai taking off
his mass and telling bai that he regrets
everything he has done to her hansen
then kisses by they then leave the cell
with hansen acting as the commissioner
however at the receptionist hall the
commissioner walks in with the news crew
to see his doppelganger would buy hanson
tries to act like the commissioner but
the commissioner only has to show his
wings still hansen continues to act but
by escaping her street jacket attacks
hansen in the face taking off his mask
the commissioner then takes this
opportunity to report the supposed
mistreatment of bi by hansen in front of
the camera just as the commissioner is
about to kill hanson as vengeance for
yao jing's abuse by humans the lone
sharks enters the scene wearing
prisoners clothes
while the commissioner tries to explain
the situation to the camera one of the
lone sharks pulls the master lever
releasing all prisoners while the chaos
is ensuing hansen takes by to a spot on
the other hand the commissioner is
furious extrajudicially killing the
prisoners and the news reporter is live
reporting this the captain performs a
surprise attack pulling the commissioner
down to be attacked by the prisoners
afterwards having all his feathers
plucked the commissioner attempts to
kill bai but hanson gets in the way
seeing this bai remembers everything
returning back to normal she then gets
angry at the commissioner throwing him
off the building hanson then tells bai
to call the ambulance in the next scene
the commissioner is arrested the film
earlier is cancelled and bias marriage
has been made legal meanwhile bai and
hanson go to bias relatives on an
underwater train
the film ends with the narrator telling
the audience that she is bian hansen's
child who is given the name destiny
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video please hit the like
button and also subscribe to my channel
for more videos like this see you in the
next video